acos aggar agria ajaak akasta akem alatan aldachur aldrya alehandro
aleshmara alkoth amali angor annilla anostos aptanace arachne
araganthosas aranea aranis argan argar argin argon argrath arkat
armorn arnlor arroy arsden arstola artmal aruzban asgolan asrelia ast
atyar aurelion azilos babeester bagog bailifes baka balazar ballid
banajasab bang basim basmol bastis baustin belathgert belstos bikhy
bina blackmor bolongo boneric bore borin boshan brastalos brithini
brol brostange cacodemon caladra can carantes carman celmac chalana
chang charg chi cho choralinthor chow col colymar congern corflu
corola corostis cronisper culonmac daga dagori daka daliath dalthippa
damal danfive dangim dangk dara daran darjiin darleep darmangon daruda
dayzatar deezola defin dehore delecti delela dendara destrino deu
dilis dital dombain dona donandar dorastor dorkath dormal doskior
dranz drom drospoly ease easval egajia egarun ehilm einpor eiritha elz
erengazor erenplose ernalda erontree esrol estal estau estaurenic
ethilrist etyries eurmal fal fanza faranar farosh fazzur feethos
felster fethlon fiesive filichet flamal forang fornoar foyalfine fral
fraltigern framanthe fronela frowal fuknama fune gagarth gaiseron
galastar galin gark garsting garundyer garusharp gata gbaji genert
gerlant gilboch ginorth gio glorantha godunya golo golod gonn gor
gorgorma goropheng grachamagacan graclodont grombul guhan guiching
guilmarn gundreken gustbran h'har hachuan halikiv handra hanjan happa
harana harandash harandros haranshold haraxalur harrek harstar helby
heler hendreiki heortland himile hingswell hobimarong holay holut
hon-eel hrelar hrestol hsiang hsin hsunchen hui humakt humct hwarin
hyalor hykim icilius ikadz ilor imolo imther inkarth inora iphara
irrippi issaries istakax ivex jairn jakaleel janan jankley janube
jarngror jaubon jeset jhor jillaro jing jmijie jolo jonatela joranit
jord jorri jrustel junor kaisen kajabor kalikos kallyr kanthor karasal
kargan karse karstall kartolin kaufan kaxtorplose keanos keraun ketha
khorst kilwin kitor kocholang kolat kora koromondol kost kostaddi
kralorela krarsht krjalk kuchawn kui kyger lamsabi lanbril lankst
laonan larnste laufol laurmal leplain lhankor litor lodril lokarnos
lokow long loon lorian loskalm luatha lumavoxvoran lung lur lux
magasta mahome malaskan malia malkion manday manir manthi maran marost
mastakos matkondu mazan mee melib meriatan metsyla mhy mikaday mikyh
ming mirin mirintha mislar modaings moirades mokwaha molanni molene
moralatap morocanth mortasor mostal mulliam murthdrya naskorion natea
nelat nevs nidan nimistor noastor nochet nolos noloswal nop noran
norri noruma noyelle nyanka nysalor odayla okarn ompalam ontor oral-ta
oranor orathorn oraya orenoar orgrol orlanth ormsgone orninior orta
oskor oslir otkorion ourania ouri ozur palamtales palbar pamalt paps
paslac pasos pavis peidin pelor pent perfe phargon pithdaros pocharngo
polaris pomona pomons porent porfain pralorela prax print puchai
quinscion ragnaglar raibanth ralios ralzakark ramal rascius rasout
rathor rathorela ratslaff retrint rhis rindland rist ryzel safelster
saird saliligor salisor salona saranko sartar saug segurane selarn
sentanos seseine seshnela sha shan shavaya shiu shiyang shu siglolf
sikkanos skanth slor smelch snodal sodal sofal sog solanth solanthos
solara sor-eel spol storal suam subere surantyr surkorion syanor
sylila syndics syran talar talastar talor tanier tanisor tao tara
tarasdal tarins tarnils tarsh tastolar tawars teelo tek telask telmor
temertain teshnos thalurzni thanatar thed theoblanc tholaina thoskal
tien timms tinaros ting tink tiskos tolat tor torang tork tortun
triolina trowjang tsai tsankth tung tylenea tzu uleria ulifilas umath
umbar umbrol uncoling uton uzgor vadrus valant valind valkaro valsburg
valzain vanch vangono varchulanga vargatyr varnaro varskolin
varthulwal vartool vaska vent vesmonstran vivamort voi volonne volsax
vorala voria voshfrei vovisibor vrimak wachaza waertag waha wakboth
wan wanzow wen wexten wokistan worian worlath xaron xemela xentha
xiola yamsur yanafal yanmoria yao yara yelm yelmalio yelorna yin
yinkin yolanela yolp yuthu yuthuppa zaktirra zanozar zaramaka zitro
zong zorak zorakarkat zoran zzabur
